---
layout: wallet
title:  "Coinkite"
permalink: /wallets/coinkite/
wallet: coinkite
desc: Coinkite is a Canadian Bitcoin company, known for its multisignature wallet. Coinkite also supports multisig with the Ledger hardware wallet.
thumb: coinkite.png
cat: web, hot
seotitle: "Coinkite Review: Features, Privacy and Security"
lang: en
website: coinkite.com
website_url: https://coinkite.com/
web_wallet: yes
create: yes
create_url: https://coinkite.com/
open_source: yes
open_source_url: https://github.com/coinkite
control_priv_keys: yes
contribute: coinkite
tags: multisig, web, ledgernanoh, ledgerhw1h, hot
summary: Coinkite is a bitcoin platform with multisig wallets, merchant tools, and a developer API. It's been in business for over 2 years and is based in Canada. Coinkite offers two kinds of wallets; a “Simple Wallet” where CK signs the transactions and holds the private keys, and "Multisig Vaults" where you control the keys.
weight: 6
---
Coinkite is a bitcoin platform with multisig wallets, merchant tools, and a developer API. It's been in business for over 2 years and is based in Canada.

## Security
{: .security .wallet-sections}
Coinkite offers two kinds of wallets: a “Simple Wallet” where CK signs the transactions and holds the private keys, and "Multisig Vaults" where you control the keys.

The “Simple Wallet” is a BIP32 HD wallet where Coinkite's HSM (Hardware Security Modules) securely generates and holds private keys. An encrypted back up of the keys is also sent to you by email. In this option you trade trust on Coinkite for convenience. The “Simple Wallet” should not be used to store large amounts of bitcoin. With full control over all “Simple Wallet” accounts and private keys, Coinkite can offer server side automation (i.e. Bitcoin Forwarding) but if shut down your account could be blocked. Coinkite has a dead-man-switch for service continuation in that case, releasing a global password to open the backups. 

Coinkite’s "Multsig" wallets allow up 15 co-signers, which can be: signed by CK, an encrypted wallet stored on CK, a new key generated by CK, another CK user, the Ledger hardware wallet, or any offline generated BIP32 key. Coinkite’s multisig wallets give you 100% control of private keys.

Users must trust Coinkite to provide the correct transaction data but also includes links with third party verification. 

## Privacy
{: .privacy .wallet-sections}
Coinkite doesn't require email or any personal information on signup and can be accessed with a TOR onion address: http://gcvqzacplu4veul4.onion.

You can generate new addresses on demand, but the “quick deposit” feature reuses the same address. Address reuse makes it easy for others to observe your history on the blockchain and connect your addresses and funds.

CK has no US servers. All backups are in Switzerland and encrypted row by row. 